**Privacy Policy**

The Ginj app is built as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding Ginj policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the Service.

If you choose to use the Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that collected is used for providing and improving the Service. Your information will not be shared with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, you may be required to provide certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your username and e-mail address as used on third party services. The requested information will only be retained on your device and is not collected in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:

*   [Google Photos](https://policies.google.com/privacy)
*   [Dropox](https://www.dropbox.com/privacy]


**Log Data**

No log or other collected data is ever sent back to Ginj servers.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party services that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

Ginj makes use of third-party companies and individuals due to provide the Service on our behalf;

Users of this Service are informed that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, you are strongly advised to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.

This policy is effective as of 2020-07-12

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me by raising a Github issue on the project page.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)